# 5-ways-to-avoid-dry-skin-in-2021-Franch-Global
“Winter is coming”, while it phrase sounded cool (pun intended) in a popular tv show, but winter air is surely not fun for your skin. With cold weather comes dry skin and if not treated properly it can lead to severely dehydrated skin that turns red and starts peeling. Of course, we don’t want that, and so we decided to write this article to give you some easy lifestyle tips that nourish your skin so that it’s supple and smooth.  Drinking enough water We cannot stress enough on the importance of drinking water especially during winter because you tend to miss it. Water naturally hydrates the skin from inside and leaves a glowing effect. The fact that we do not sweat during winter direct corresponds to not drinking enough water.  Drinking water also helps in maintaining the ph levels, flushes out the toxins, prevents sagging, ache, and wrinkles, and maintains elasticity.  So how much water should you drink every day?  We believe at least 6-8 glasses of water will leave your skin moisturised.  Oil massage Pre/post shower oil massage is a great way to remove the dead skin which thereby improves the softness of the skin. Massaging your body with natural solutions like Franch Oil nh Plus will help increase blood flow. Some of the benefits of Franch Oil nh Plus includes treating cuts and wounds, aiding muscular pains, and reducing stretch marks. The nh in Franch Oil nh Plus stands for Natural Health as the product is organic and made with natural ingredients. Hench, you can Franch Oil apply to the face as well. Some other uses of Franch oil include massaging the cracked foot, treating user eye darkness and hyperpigmentation.  Using fragrance-free soap Understanding your skin type and using an appropriate soap for bathing is another way to reduce dry skin. The chemicals in such soaps/body wash are harsh for the skin and strip the natural moisture away causing further irritation. Avoid soaps with Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS) as this ingredient is found in detergents and while it will be a good cleaner it is not necessarily good for your skin. Any soap with plant oils like cocoa butter, aloe vera, shea, olive oil, and avocado are perfect for treating dry skin.  Consume Antioxidants and Omega 3 Eating foods that are rich in antioxidants will help combat toxins present in the body. Some natural sources of antioxidants are blueberries, tomatoes, carrots, beans, and lentils. Franch OG-3 Veg Softgels is also a great source of Omega 3 and is made with flax seeds. Omega 3 in your diet promotes hydrated glowing skin.  Avoid harsh bath products Dry skin is more prone to damage by bath sponges, scrub brushes, and washcloths and it’s best to stay away from them. Loofahs can also cause bacterial infections sometimes. Rather using scrub soaps to mildly exfoliate the skin will give it more smoothness. Also, avoid rubbing your face and body with a towel rather you can just pat it dry.  These techniques will help you avoid dry skin this winter and leave your skin hydrated. On a closing note, just remember that improving skin health is a continuous process so being diligent in doing your skincare routine is key to meeting skin goals. To know more: https://franchglobal.com/5-ways-to-avoid-dry-skin-in-2021/
